MomentsTo do ListPrivacy Policy
 
Moments · To do List (hereafter "we") respect and protect user information and will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. When you use the services provided by the Moments · To do List website, we collect, process and disclose information in accordance with this privacy policy. We hope this privacy policy will give you a clear picture of how we treat your information, so we recommend that you read this privacy policy thoroughly to help you understand how to protect your privacy.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact us through the various contact methods provided by Moments · To do List.
This policy will help you understand the following:
1. Scope of application
2. Collect and use user information
3. Sharing, transmission and public disclosure of user information
4. User business data and public information
5. User Information Management
6. Cookies and similar technologies
7. Update of Privacy Policy
How to contact us
First, the scope of application
1.1. This privacy policy applies to all services on the Moments · To do List website. The services provided include providing you with page views and technical services provided through the Moments · To do List website.
1.2. It should be noted that because of Moments · To do List users, if you use Moments · To do List technical services to provide users with services, because your business data belongs to you is important, you should agree with your user privacy policy. .
 
Collecting and using user information
2.1. Help you become our member
2.1.1. When you create an account on the Moments · To do List website, you must provide us with a member name, set and confirm your login password, and provide your mobile phone number in the People's Republic of China. The mobile number you submitted is used to accept when you register for a verification code, log in to the bound account, and get the password. It is used as one of the contact methods specified by Moments · To do List to receive related business notifications (such as new product launches, business changes, etc.).
2.2. Provide technical services to you
The information you provide us includes:
2.2.1. According to the laws of the People's Republic of China, you should provide your real identity information through your account when you use specific technical services.
Information We Collect During Your Use of the Service
2.2.1.1. Device Information: We will receive and record information about the device characteristics (such as device model, operating system version, device settings, unique device identifier, etc.) that you use based on the specific permissions you granted during the installation and use of the software ), Location information about the device (such as IP address, GPS location, and Wi-Fi access point, Bluetooth and base station information, can provide relevant information). We can enable us to provide you with consistent services on different devices with 1 type of two types of information associated.
2.2.1.2. Log information: When you use our website or services provided by customers, we will automatically collect web logs related to your detailed usage of our services. For example, the content of your search query, IP address, browser, telecommunications operator, language used, date and time of access, and the type of history of the page you visited.
2.2.1.3. Please note that individual device information, log information, etc. are all information that does not identify a specific natural person. If we combine non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be treated as personal information in the combined use process unless authorized by you. Or in accordance with laws and regulations, we will anonymize and identify these personal information.
2.2.1.4. User account supporting information: Based on the user's consultation records, user faults You use the services of Moments · To do List, perfectly generate fault report records and troubleshooting procedures (such as communication and call records). Recipes will record and analyze this information. In order to respond to your help request in a timely manner, and with perfect after-sales service.
2.3. We use the information you submit, and we collect information for the following purposes:
2.3.1. In order to provide you with services (such as real-name authentication information, mobile phone numbers used to accept verification codes, under the premise of continuing to obtain services);
2.3.2. In order to maintain and improve services (such as business contact mobile phones, emails, etc. you submit notifications of receiving business and communicate with the enterprise);
2.3.3. Promote and introduce products to you under the premise of laws and regulations;
2.3.4. In order to improve the security of the services provided by us and our affiliates and partners, protect the personal and property of you or other users or the public from damage, and better prevent phishing sites, scams, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, Network attacks, network intrusions and other security risks, to more accurately identify violations of laws, regulations or Moments · To do List related agreements and rules, we can use your member information and integrate device information, related website logs and our affiliates Institutions, partners share information to determine your account and transaction risks, conduct identity verification, detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis and disposal measures in accordance with law;
2.3.5. If you allow other uses.
Third, public disclosure of sharing, transmission and user information
3.1. share it
We do not work with other organizations and individuals, except for your user information:
3.1.1. Share with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your user information with others;
3.1.2. Sharing according to legal circumstances: We may share user information in accordance with laws, regulations, litigation, arbitration, or as required by administrative and judicial authorities.
3.1.3. Sharing with authorized partners: We can entrust trusted partners to provide services, so we can share some with our partners to provide better customer service, optimize user experience, and your user information. We only share your user information. For legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific, and specific purposes, we will only share user information necessary to provide services. Our partners are not authorized to use shared user information for any other purpose.
Currently, our authorized partners include the following types: suppliers, service providers and other partners. We send information to suppliers, service providers and other partners who support our business, including basic technical services, consulting, analytics and other professional services.
We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with other companies, agencies and with whom we share user information, personal information protection agreements, and require them to handle users in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy and other related confidentiality and security measures. information.
3.2. transfer
We will not pass your user information to any company, organization or individual except for the following:
3.2.1. And explicit consent to transfer: after obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your user information to other parties;
3.2.2. In the event of a perfect merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation recipe and other legal entities, or other situations involving mergers, acquisitions or bankruptcy liquidation, we will ask you to enter a new information for your user if the user information transfer is involved. Companies and organizations continue to be bound by this policy, otherwise we will require that company, organization, and individual to resubmit your authorization.
3.3. Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your user information in the following cases:
3.3.1. We may disclose your user information publicly with your explicit consent or at your own initiative;
3.3.2. In order to protect the Moments · To do List platform and its affiliates or the personal property of the public, we may disclose information about your users in accordance with applicable laws or related agreements and the rules of the Moments · To do List platform.
3.4. Prior authorization for exception consent to share, transmit and publicly disclose user information
Sharing, transmitting, and publicly disclosing user information does not require your prior authorization if:
3.4.1. About national security and national defense security;
3.4.2. Concerning public safety, public health and major public interests;
3.4.3. With criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials and enforcement of sentences;
3.4.4. It is hard to agree with the lives of people and the protection of you or other personal property;
3.4.5. Public personal information you disclose to yourself;
3.4.6. Collect legally disclosed information, such as personal information from legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
 
Fourth, user business data and public information
With your user information, Moments · To do List is processed as follows: user business data and public information:
4.1. User business data
4.1.1. You process data, store, upload, download, distribute and otherwise process recipes through perfectly provided services is your user business data and you have your own user business data. As a service provider, Moments · To do List can only strictly execute your instructions to process your business data, and will not make any unauthorized use or disclosure of your business data, unless you agree or enforce explicit Legal and regulatory requirements.
4.1.2. You are responsible for bringing the content of the source and user's business data. Moments · To do List prompts you to carefully determine the legality of the data source and content. Your responsibility for the results and violations of laws, regulations, departmental regulations or national policies of your business data is at your own risk.
4.1.3. According to the agreement with Moments · To do List, Moments · To do List stores the user's business data in the data center of your choice. Moments · To do List is committed to the safety of its users and protects users' data stored in Moments · To do List data centers in accordance with applicable laws.
4.2. public information
4.2.1. Public information display means that any information you share publicly can be viewed or accessed by anyone using and not using the Moments · To do List website service.
4.2.2. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially if your account or password has been stolen, please contact Moments · To do List customer service immediately to allow Moments · To do List to take appropriate measures.
 
Fives. User Information Management
5.1. You can log in to the MagicStory website or client "Admin Console" to query, manage (change, delete) basic business information (basic data), and the information submitted when using the Moments · To do List service.
5.2. You can ask us to delete user information in the following cases:
5.2.1. If we respond to user information that violates laws and regulations;
5.2.2. If we collect and use user information without your consent;
5.2.3. If we take action on personal information, we are in serious breach of your agreement.
For security reasons, you may need to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
six. Use of cookies and similar technologies
6.1. To ensure your website is up and running for a simpler experience, we call it a small data file of cookies stored on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain an identifier, a website name, and some numbers and characters. Moments · To do List can only read cookie recipes provided by Perfect.
6.2. With the help of cookies, you can store some personal preference data. The next time you visit again, we will display the information you need; or cookies files that Moments · To do List will use to determine your source site so that Moments · To do List can track the performance of Moments · To do List .
6.3. You can manage your cookies as you like, and you can clear all cookies saved on your computer. Most web browsers must have the ability to block cookies. However, if you do this, you will need to change user settings each time you visit our website. For more information on how to change your browser settings, visit the relevant settings page for the browser you are using.
6.4. In addition to cookies, we can also use other similar technologies, such as web beacons and pixel tags on our website. For example, we may send you an email that may contain content that links to our website. If you click on a link, we will track the clicks to help us understand your product or service preferences so that we can proactively improve customer service. experience. Web beacons are usually transparent images embedded in a website or email. With the pixel tags in the email, we can tell if the email is open. If you don't want your activity to be tracked this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time.
 
Seven, the security of user information
7.1. Moments · To do List takes your information security very seriously. We strive to protect user information with a variety of reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative security measures. Prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of user information. We use encryption to improve user information security; we use trusted protection mechanisms to protect our users from malicious attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access user information; we will host Security and privacy training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting user information.
7.2. We will take reasonable and practicable steps to avoid irrelevant collection of user information. We will only retain your user information for the time described in this policy, unless required by law or allowed to be extended. After the above user information retention period has expired, we will delete or hide your personal information.
7.3. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account secure. We will do our best to protect the security of any information you send us. If our physical, technical or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, alteration or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will assume corresponding legal responsibility.
7.5. At the same time, we will handle user information security incidents reported by regulatory authorities.
7.6. User information we collect in the stores of the People's Republic of China. If we transfer personal information overseas for business needs in accordance with applicable laws, we will obtain your consent in advance and notify you. The purpose of exporting user information, recipients, security measures, security risks, etc.
7.7. In the event of the suspension of Moments · To do List products and services, we will take reasonable measures to protect the user's information, including activities, to collect the security of the user's information in a timely manner; the notification of the operation will be notified to the user one by one Local transmission or announcement; and delete or hold personal information anonymously.
7.8. We will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent before using the user information beyond the intended purpose for which it was collected or beyond the direct or reasonable association of the user.
 
Updates to the privacy policy
8.1. Our privacy policy may be modified.
8.2. We do not limit the rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. We will post any amendments to our privacy policy on a dedicated page.
8.3. For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (including certain services, we will inform you through the website to explain specific changes to the privacy policy).
8.4. Significant changes referred to in this policy include, but are not limited to:
8.4.1. Significant changes have taken place in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing user information, the type of user information is processed, in which the user information is used, etc .;
8.4.2. We have undergone major changes in control, organizational structure, and more. Such as changes in the owner due to business adjustments, bankruptcy and mergers;
8.4.3. The main objects of changes in user information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
8.4.4. The processing of user information with significant changes in your rights and how to exercise it;
8.4.5. When we are responsible for handling changes in the user's information security department, contact details and complaint channels;
8.4.6. User information security impact assessment reports indicate high risks.

How to contact us
You have any questions or comments about this statement, or any questions or comments about the practice and operation of Moments · To do List of this privacy policy. You can contact us by email: timerreviewer@163.com
