Terms of use
1 Introduction
Welcome to Countdown Reminders! Your use of the product is governed by the following terms ("Services" or "Our Services").
Your use of our products is governed by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use ("Terms"). Please read these terms carefully. You must abide by these terms when using our products,
And use our products only as permitted by applicable laws and regulations. You must read these terms to understand how to use our products. If you do not agree to these terms,
You must not download or install or otherwise use our products.
Contracting entity
By downloading, installing and using our products, you agree to be bound by these terms and the Potter Ceramic House.
3. Terms and our services
We may change these terms over time, so please check back.
In addition, as our services and user experience continue to evolve, we may from time to time (to the extent permitted by applicable law) add, change or delete features in our services (including whether the services are free) (or no)
Or may be completely suspended or terminated.
By continuing to use our services after making any changes to these terms or our services, you agree to be bound by these revised terms.
4. Evaluation of intellectual property
The products we develop are our exclusive property and are protected by domestic and foreign laws and regulations, international copyright treaties and other applicable laws and regulations. Except as expressly provided herein, you are not authorized to use our intellectual property. especially,
You are not authorized to use our trademarks or product names, logos, domain names or other unique brand features without our prior written permission. Any comments or suggestions you make to us through any of our services are completely voluntary,
We will use these opinions and suggestions at our sole discretion, without paying you any fees or other obligations.
You agree not to engage in any conduct that may in any way damage and / or impair our rights related to the intellectual property rights mentioned here. We reserve the right to take responsibility for such unauthorized actions,
And you are responsible for any and all damages, losses, costs and expenses caused by breach of these terms.
5. Permissible scope
While we continue to own our products, after you accept these terms, you will have certain rights to use our products for the entire duration of our installation on your mobile device.
We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you. These terms apply to any version, revision, update or enhancement of the product we may provide to you.
You may only install, use, display and operate our products on personal computers ("devices") for non-commercial purposes and in accordance with these terms. It is prohibited to install, use, display or operate our products for commercial purposes.
You have the right to receive new features and versions of our products, as we can provide these features and versions as appropriate. In order to optimize our products and provide you with the latest version of our products,
You agree that our products can automatically download and install new updates and versions of our products, as we can provide these products as appropriate. You agree to receive and allow us to provide such new updates and versions to your mobile device.
In addition, we may modify these terms to reflect such updates and versions, and you agree to the terms of such updates.
You must not copy, modify, decompile, reverse engineer or extract source code from our products unless we have not prohibited you from doing so in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, or you may obtain our written consent in advance.
If applicable laws or regulations allow you to decompile or extract source code from our products, you will first contact us to request the required information.
6. Suspension and termination
These terms will apply to your use of our products and services until you terminate our access to the services.
We may suspend or terminate your access to any or all of our services:
(I) if we have reason to believe that you have breached these terms;
(Ii) if you use our services to bring risks to us or other users of our services, you may make a potential third party claim against us or damage our reputation;
(Iii) if you are unable to use our services for a long time; or (iv) for any other reason. We will notify you of any suspension or termination to the extent reasonably practicable.
7. Final explanation
These terms are the complete agreement between you and us regarding our services. You agree that you will not ask us for any statements not expressly stated in these Terms.
The invalidity of any of these terms (or any part of them) will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other terms (or the remaining terms)
